This is celebration church, but it's more than just a building or a church.
We have a calling to be a place where people can find a relationship with God instead of religion.
A place where freedom is found and acceptance given and every person can discover their purpose and experience the kind of fulfillment only God can give.
Together we will raise, lead, and empower a generation to change the world.
Here, Jesus is famous, and all the glory goes to God.
This is celebration.
This is our family.
Welcome home.
Well, good morning.
Welcome everyone online, joining us.
Everyone here, would you please stand with me?
as I lead us in reciting the Apostles Creed together.
This is our statement of faith and what we believe here at Celebration Church.
We believe in God, the Father Almighty, the creator of heaven and earth.
We believe in Jesus Christ, His only Son, our Lord, who for us and for our salvation was conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary, suffered under Pontius Pilate,
was crucified, died, and was buried.
He descended to the dead, and on the third day he rose again.
He ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of the Father.
He will come again to judge the living and the dead, and his kingdom will have no end.
We believe in the Holy Spirit, the Holy Christian Church, the Fellowship of Believers, the forgiveness of sins, the resurrection of the body,
and the life everlasting.
Amen.
You may be seated.
Well, it's at this point in our service that we pause to take our ties and our offerings here at Celebration Church.
And if you are here today and you're giving cash or check, there is an offering envelope in the front, the seat back from the seat in front of you.
And you can take that and fill that out, put your check or cash in there.
And then when you leave the service this morning, the ushers will be there holding the offering basket.
You can just drop that in as you leave.
And then otherwise, we're encouraging people to continue giving online and utilizing that.
You can go to celebrationchurch.tv forward slash give.
And you can go on there and give and you can give to whatever campus you need to.
If there's a special fund like missions, et cetera, you can choose all that on there.
And then you can also set up a recurring giving.
So if you're someone that you know you give,
X amount every couple weeks or X amount a month.
You can go and just set that up in there if that works for you, which is working great and working really well.
Now, I do want to thank all of you for continuing with your faithfulness and supporting the ministry here at Celebration Church.
We've got some cool things going on.
You know, if you were in our family meeting, you may have heard about this idea of we really kind of get a sense that God is moving and doing some stuff.
And we do have some
cool, exciting news, potential for us to save a bunch of money here at the church on some things, but I will let my father, Pastor Mark, he's gonna kinda talk about that more next week, but anyway, very grateful in that and continue to be faithful.
Now, this morning is the third Sunday of Lent, and last week, if you were here, I was in the Gospel of Luke,
And I was talking about a scenario where the Pharisees kind of had an interaction with Jesus and their response after that interaction was to get him away.
Go away.
Because they did not want to hear what he had to say.
And I warned us to make sure that we're not like that.
You know, if the Holy Spirit begins to convict us or something, what is our response?
Is our response to stay away from that?
We don't want to hear it.
We stay away from it.
That's why we don't read our Bibles.
That's why sometimes people stay away from church.
You know, especially if they've been for a while, they're not sure if lightning bolts are going to hit them when they walk in, which has not happened.
I've never seen that.
But usually what it is is they don't want to hear what it is that they're doing wrong.
But I want to continue on with that idea this morning.
It is the Lenten season, so this is the time where we tend to focus on exciting subjects like sin and death and repentance.
Yay.
In fact, almost.
after the first service or as I could title this message, send deaths or pendants and peeing your pants, which we'll get to.
But stay tuned.
All right.
Now, you know, this idea of repentance and being aware of the sin in our life, it can be something that's a little difficult.
And a lot of times when we're confronted with some sin in our life or something we've done, there's a couple ways that we can respond to this.
The two words I used to describe are guilt or shame and I looked this up in psychology wording how they view these things and what they said is that that actually guilt is something that can actually be very healthy.
A healthy person should have some sense of guilt.
Of course, if you have no guilt over anything you've done, you're a psychopath, right?
We don't want to be a psychopath.
It's not looking for crazy people.
You might be crazy, but don't be a psychopath.
So guilt is a good thing, but shame can be destructive.
You know, and not good.
So, you know, a good example would be is if you're leaving the church this morning and you're pulling out and you're at a stoplight, you know, and all of a sudden, you know, you didn't see it turn red and you almost go through a red light and also any car zoos and passenger, whoa, you quick hit on your brakes.
So, you have a response there.
You're convicted of something you did wrong.
Now, the healthy guilt response is, oh my goodness,
What did I do?
Oh, man, I need to pay more attention.
What was I doing?
I almost got myself into some serious trouble.
I have to make sure I'm paying attention when I'm driving, right?
That is a healthy response.
You saw something that was wrong and you look how can I change my life?
What do I need to do to make this better?
A shame response would be you go and you have that same experience, but then you just sit there and you break into tears and just, oh my goodness.
I'm such an awful person.
They should just take my license.
I should never be allowed to drive.
In fact, I should never be allowed to go anywhere ever again.
That's a little intense.
But that's what a shame response does.
A shame response is when you make, you get this feeling of, I'm no good, I'm awful.
So if you feel that, that's not healthy.
The responsibility is something, oh, I need to stop what I'm doing and start doing the right thing.
That is a healthy response.
But we don't like that.
comfortable always to have those things pointed out in us.
Sometimes people, people who struggle with addictions, things that they tend to surround themselves, their friendship, the people they interact with, are also people who deal with those things.
Those same addictions because they're your little enablers, right?
And you kind of get around and no one's telling you not to do that.
They just kind of laugh it off and what have you.
So you go and you do those things.
And we all want to be liked.
I don't like to hear those things.
And as I was doing this, I had this image of Michael Scott from the office.
I love that series.
I'm constantly going through that series.
I've watched it through many times.
I'm now going through the super fan episodes.
It is a fan favorite as well in the office here at the church office.
Our staff are big office fans, which goodness, hopefully you don't think I'm Michael Scott.
It's just dawning on me now.
Anyway, but for Christmas,
So if you haven't seen the office, you know, that's something you need to repent from.
No, I'm just kidding.
It's a great show, but it's like a mockumentary, a fake documentary on just a normal office situation.
And they would do this thing in the office where Michael Scott would throw on the Dundees, remember that?
Because the company was Dunder Mifflin, and they would have these Dundees.
So what the staff here does is for Christmas, they put on the Gunges,
And we have our staff party, and they have the gunky awards that they hand out.
So I've won a few.
I've won best hair before.
This year, I think I won cutest baby, which I didn't see coming.
I got to be honest with you.
I didn't know I was in contention for that.
Seeing as we have, I think at least what two families who literally have little babies.
I apologize, Rebecca.
Dear daughter, you know, she's got to bring it.
What can I say?
So we have the gung views.
But what's funny is Michael Scott, he's this guy, he's so self-centered and narcissistic.
And you know, as I was thinking, I read too, I was like, oh goodness, I hope I'm not like that.
You know, this self-centered person who just wants to hear how wonderful they are.
And I got a couple of Michael Scott quotes here.
I figured we'd get some office quotes in before we hit the scripture and get this out of the way.
What they do in the show is Michael Scott, so he's the boss of this office.
And they do these little cutaways because it's a fake documentary, you know, like you're doing a documentary.
And they're interviewing.
You know, and you don't hear the question, but you hear his response.
And he has some hilarious responses at that point to how just completely clueless he is, how blind he is to his narcissism here.
So for example, one time they sit him down and they had asked him a question and he responds.
He says, do I need to be liked?
Absolutely not.
I like to be liked.
I enjoy being liked.
I mean, I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need, like my need to be praised.
And it's great.
I love it.
Do I need to be liked?
Absolutely not.
I like to be liked.
I enjoy being liked.
I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need, like my need to be praised.
You know, just completely clueless in his mind, you know, and he's like serious about it.
Another time he said,
They ask him a question, he responds.
He said, oh, would I rather be fear or loved?
Well, that's easy.
Both.
He says, I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
And it's so funny.
But the reason it's funny is kind of because there's like we can kind of sort of relate to that.
We all love that.
We do love this idea of being praised.
But if we're careful, we just surround ourselves and put ourselves in situations where that's all we hear.
I wonder if we are great.
Everyone loves me.
I'm doing great, right?
Because we have that need.
But the truth is we need to allow room into our lives for the Holy Spirit to speak to us, for to point out things that we aren't doing right in our lives so that we can come to a place of repentance so that we don't walk around just like little narcissistic people like Michael's.
I just come clueless to the things and the errors in our way.
And if you remember in the show, because he's always doing things that are over the line, you know, and most of the staff just kind of goes along with it because they think it's hilarious or whatever.
But there's one guy in the staff who's always trying to tell him what he's doing is wrong, like Toby, and he can't stand Toby.
And every, he's just, you know, he just wishes he would go away and have some hilarious interactions.
But I thought, oh my goodness, Lord, help me not to be like that.
If there's people in my life that speak it in, you're trying to use something, a situation, to speak to me that I don't just run away from that, that allow you to speak to me, and that I can live a life of repentance, have this repentant heart.
And that's really the spirit of Lent.
Lent is a season we join in, and it starts off with Ash Wednesday, which is all about, you're gonna die from dust we came and dust we shall return.
It's the idea of keeping
that our time here is finite to keep us focused on things that are eternal and not just always the struggles we have in our life.
It's also a time to make room for God in your life so he can speak to you and help you grow and show things to you.
Again, it's this idea of a healthy response to finding out things that aren't right in your life.
I spoke some Wednesdays ago about how we can use the season to act kind of like a mirror to look in.
A mirror tells you what's right or what's wrong or
There's something weird growing out of my head and my zipper open, you know, things that are important, especially when you're going to go and speak in front of people, you don't want this.
Now what it does is it's really pointing out what's wrong with me, right?
It's pointing out what's wrong with me, what looks weird, and if I didn't want to hear it, I don't want to hear how I have a booger looking at my nose.
Don't say that about me.
Okay, dude, but guess what?
You still have a booger sticking out of your nose, all right?
So it's good to have that time of reflection.
And so this verse in first John, here we go, trying to get into the scriptures.
This kind of,
For me, it really kind of sort of captures this idea in this spirit of land where it says in 1 John, chapter 1, in verse 8.
It says, if we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just, and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.
If we claim we have not sinned, we make him, God, out to be a liar, and his word is not in us.
In chapter two, he continues to go on, but if anybody does sin, we have an advocate with the Father, someone that's acting on our behalf.
And who is this?
It's Jesus Christ, the righteous one.
He is the atoning sacrifice for our sins, and not only for our sins, but for the sins of the world.
So I guess that's fun to talk about sin.
It's not fun to talk about the things we aren't doing right in our life.
It's not fun to talk about where do I need to repent and what I need to change with.
But it's an important part of this Christian walk.
It doesn't make God love you anymore, or any less, depending on what you do, this is what we are called to do.
So as we jump into our main gospel texts here in Luke, we're gonna see Jesus confronted with a situation in how he responds into leading these people and pointing them towards repentance in their own lives.
So in Luke chapter 13, starting in verse one,
Jesus is kind of around people.
He's been teaching and stuff and he has this group of people and they come up to him and they tell him something.
They got some news form and that's where you pick up it says in verse one here.
Now on the same occasion, there were some present who reported to him to Jesus about the Galileans whose blood Pilate had mixed with their sacrifices.
In other words, there's something that awful that had happened to the Galileans and obviously Pilate
was very gruesome kind of violent death.
I mean, there was blood mixed in with the blood of their sacraments, all of this stuff.
Now, the Bible wasn't going to explain what this is.
I even poked around a little bit with some, because there's some historians, some Jewish historians who sometimes they'll get in and help you understand people, a guy named Josephus, great name, by the way, if you're looking for a name for your kid, and then Philo, which was a nickname for me for a while.
I can't remember if it was my dad or my uncle, but they used to call me Philo.
And they're these historians and they wrote about things.
Now, they didn't have anything specifically about this, but they do shed some light a little bit more on who Pilate was.
Because, you know, he's referenced in the Bible, but no one really goes on to really explain who this guy is.
You know, we know him.
He's in our creed, you know, and not for a good reason.
So it's kind of understanding this.
Now, he comes in as the governor, you know, the Jews here.
They're in the city.
They've got Jerusalem, these other areas.
And this is all,
run by Rome.
And so they have governors that come in.
So Pilate is the governor.
He comes in and he comes in about 80, 26, but he's not there very long.
Normally it's there for a while.
It was 10 years.
It's a fairly short term for him.
And he gets removed because he's a complete failure.
The guy is awful.
Okay.
He is not a great leader.
And you know, you even think about the
the image of him.
At times he shows extreme violence and other times he's a total coward.
That's the image I see when he washes his hands of Jesus' death.
He won't make a decision.
You guys want to kill him, find whatever, but I'm not guilty of this.
That's just a coward move.
Now, reading through some things and some things that Josephus wrote, you kind of get understanding of who this guy is.
So when he first comes in governor, he comes in and he brings in
these, like, they call military ensins.
I looked into it and it kind of sounds like they're these big shields with, like, the image of Caesar on them.
And they'd place them up around the city.
Now, this was very offensive to the Jews, because this is a holy city.
And you're desecrating their city with this image of Caesar.
And they had an agreement, from what I understand from reading through the history, that this wouldn't happen.
You know, that Caesar would let them kind of have their religious freedom and things of that nature.
But Pilate, he doesn't care.
So he puts us in.
The Jews, they're very offended.
So they go in and they appeal and they sort of protest and they do it for five days.
You need to take these things down.
This is our holy city.
What are you doing?
So on the sixth day, Pilate has had enough and goes, if you guys don't leave, I'm going to kill you all.
And the response there when there was, then I guess you're going to kill us all.
It says they knelt down, laid down, and exposed to their necks and said, OK, then kill me.
And the writers say that this sort of
Oh, shocked and impressed.
I guess Pilate of their dedication.
And he's like, oh, look how they're really dedicated.
And then he was also like, well, I don't want to start even bigger riots.
He was like, fine, I'll take these things down.
He takes them down.
But then there's times to show how violent he was.
There was once where he stole money from basically like from the church to build some aqueducts.
And I laughed.
I said, oh, I'll carry apparently governments taking money that they don't have.
to do things is not a new concept, okay?
Like we did not invent that.
That has been around for a while, all right?
But here he's taking it from the church.
Obviously you can imagine they were excited about it.
So once again they're gonna go and they're gonna protest but this time he has a different response.
He's just an evil man.
And so what he does is he takes his soldiers and he dresses them up in plain clothes and they've got clubs and they've got daggers and they get in with the crowd that's protesting.
And as they're going, they're yelling, he gives some signal
and the soldiers not going to start beating and stabbing and trampling these people.
He just, it's just a bloodbath.
It was just awful.
Just because the dude couldn't handle, you know, to be born happy with him.
So like I said, he didn't last there long.
The reason he probably lasted as long as he did, because this was before YouTube, okay.
So something like this happened and he could make up a story, you know, eventually he can seize your friends.
But what do you do?
Your awful takes him out of there.
But anyway, so you can see and understand how this is a violent man.
And so while we don't know what happened here to these Galileans, it was something violent.
We know that they were religious because it says that they were there and their blood was mixed with the blood of their sacrifice.
So they had their sacrificial animals there to do something.
We don't know if they stumbled upon something, if they did something inadvertently, if Pilate was just having a bad day.
We don't know, but they are violently killed.
And so these cries, they come to Jesus to tell him.
Now you gotta remember, they're under this Roman occupation.
And at the time they think, well, the Messiah, the guy who's gonna come save us, he's gonna free us from this.
But what's interesting is Jesus didn't come to save them from the Romans that he came to save us in our souls.
And there's an eternal look that he has on things.
And so when these people come to him and they expect Jesus to be upset, and he should be upset.
They said it was Galileans, that's where Jesus is from.
In fact, he may have known some of these people who died.
So like, can you believe this, what happened?
And here's how Jesus responds.
He says, do you suppose that these Galileans were greater sinners than all other Galileans because they suffered this fate?
Because see, that was something that these people thought, and they would obviously struggle with this, or he wouldn't address it.
You know, I know sometimes we can sit there.
We see something that happens awful to someone, and we could think, oh, I wonder if something's wrong with them.
I wonder if they were sinners.
I wonder if they did something.
And you got to remember that bad things don't just happen to bad people.
Sometimes bad things happen to good people.
Now, don't get me wrong.
If you're doing something bad, it's likely you might get bad results, right?
Sin does have consequences.
But remember, we all still live in an evil world.
You know, so sometimes this evil happens in good people's lives.
So here they're wondering, well, maybe these people are just sinners.
And Jesus said, no, no, no, no.
They're not worse sinners.
He says in verse three, he says, I tell you, because he asks his rhetorical questions, are they worse sinners?
He says, I tell you no.
But unless you repent,
you will all likewise perish."
And they were probably, so wait.
If we don't repent, someone's gonna come and kill us.
And then he goes on to use another example.
He says, or do you suppose that those 18 on whom the tower in Siloam fell and killed them, that they were worse culprits than all the men who live in Jerusalem?
We get another event we don't know anything about, but obviously a tower fell and killed 18 people.
That's been a pretty big tower.
So do you think that happened because they were worse than others?
He says, I tell you no.
But unless you repent, you will all likewise perish.
See, the image he's painting here is it's not of the immediate of the physical here.
He's taking their minds and he's trying to show them that there's something bigger here.
The real reason I'm here is to save your soul and to help them understand that they need to repent.
And this is great.
As he points us to this and during this season of Lent, I start thinking, now we need to live a life of repentance.
You know, again, not so that it can hit us and we can feel shameful, but it's because it helps us.
We have the healthy response.
It can help us.
We can learn how to live a better life.
We can be better Christians, better people at work, better husbands and wives, better parents.
All these things can happen if we live this life of repentance.
It's not fun.
We don't like it, but it helps us.
Now, for whatever reason, when I was going through this and I'm trying to think of like a practical example,
that I can help people understand this.
The only thing that came to my head was peeing your pants.
So Lord, use the pee pants here to minister.
Now, I am assuming that everyone that's here does not struggle with the constant peeing of your pants without some kind of medical condition, right?
And the reason for that is because we have learned.
Now when we all came into the world and we were little babies, we're just loving life.
And when we got the urge to purge, we just did it.
And he just hit us and we just went, ah, feels great.
There he cheats us, ah, that's so good.
But because we have mom and dad there who are changing our diapers.
As a father of four kids, I get it.
You go through a lot of diapers, right parents?
And it's like they always be, and somehow like, I don't know, we've sent people to the moon.
We have sent something to Mars.
But for some reason, we can't develop a diaper that a kid can't pee through.
It's like humanity will always find a way.
We'll always just, you know, I don't know if that's part of evolution right there.
We'll always find a way to pee through whatever diaper it is.
Anyway.
Now, as we grow up, point hits in our lives where our parents say, okay, you're growing up now.
Now, guess what?
You have to learn we don't pee our pants.
Why not?
Well, it's not what we do, but I like to pee my pants.
It feels good to pee my pants.
I just feel it and then I go, ah, which is kind of like sin, right?
Sin, much like peeing your pants.
It feels good at first.
Then you're left with something you don't like the results from.
Now, when you're training your kids how to stop going pee in their pants, you're starting to teach them how to respond to that urge, right?
Because they have this urge and when the urge to purge comes, they just go.
They don't stop and think, well, what should I do with this urge?
And you try to teach them you go to the toilet.
That's what we do.
And they struggle with this, right?
Now some kids get it right away.
My oldest was great.
He figured it out right away, but it's mostly because he wanted to be like Tarzan in Tarzan in his mind wore underwear.
So if I want to wear underwear like Tarzan, then I have to stop going at whatever works.
The dude figured it out on his own.
I was like, this is pretty easy.
And then we had three more.
They weren't so compliant.
They didn't understand, but I don't want to.
The whole process up, but then they started to learn.
When they had an accident or something, we didn't make them feel bad.
Oh, look at you, Mr. Peepans.
At least I hope you're not doing that.
But it was to show them, no, no, okay, we had an accident.
That's not how we respond.
Oh, really?
Yeah, you're supposed to respond.
This is how we respond.
See, the same thing in your life is what happens
when you allow the Holy Spirit to come in and convict you of things and show you things you aren't doing right, and so you can have a heart for repentance.
And if you're just like, well, I don't want to hear this, I don't want to hear this, then you just go around peeing your pants all the time.
Not physically, but in areas.
You're going to work.
You're just a jerk to everyone.
You're peeing your pants.
You know, some conflict with your spouse.
And you know, because when you're married, it's like that's the closest relationship you have.
So you know all the evil things about each other.
And sure, we're supposed to forget those, but it's so nice to poke at them and scratch at those scabs.
Or there'd be a line that you know you shouldn't cross.
But then you get ticked and you cross that line.
You know, fight and you're like, hmm, you sound an awful lot like your mother.
Don't be doing that, Mr. Peepants.
Sometimes with your kids, you know?
They can drive you a little crazy.
I get it, you know, in Ephesians where it says, you know, fathers, do not provoke your children to anger.
I said, I think someone misunderstood the translation.
I don't think they got this right.
Me not to provoke my kids to anger?
What happened to the kids who provoked your parents to anger?
No, no, no, it's on us.
So when they drive you crazy, you just yell and let your kids all the time.
Don't be doing that, Mr. P. Pants.
You allow repentance to come in and you allow God to speak to you so you can learn those things.
Oh, this isn't how I'm supposed to act.
I'm sorry.
In just like the cart situation, okay, this is what I'm supposed to do.
I need to change it.
And there might be certain areas of your life that are real easy.
You're like, okay, yeah, I can get that.
There might be other times where you're like that child who just, you're convinced, right?
Because that's apparent when you're in it.
It seems like eternity, right?
And you think, I don't know if this kid's ever going to not pee their pants, right?
You just start thinking like, this is gonna be it.
We're just gonna, graduation day and he's gonna be going down just with wet pants.
Cause yeah, we could never get him to get it.
It would, my wife would get so at the present.
I said, listen, take comfort in knowing they will not be 18 years old and still pee their pants.
Okay, they will get this.
It's just they're having a tough time with it.
The same thing as us when we're confronted with our sin.
We don't want to hear that.
We don't want to see the parts of our lives that aren't good.
Because we like it.
We're happy with it.
A lot of us like the way that we are.
We love to be feared with love.
We love that people, we want people to love us so much that they're afraid of how much they love us.
We can become like little Michael Scott's.
So we don't want to hear about those things that we do wrong.
But if we don't do that, we just go around sitting.
Like I said, for whatever reason for me, that was the pee pants thing.
It's ministering to me.
I want to learn those things.
God speak to me.
Show me those things in this time of Lent as I take
Time out to let you in, to speak to me.
Show me those things in my life that are, oh, I'm kind of grouchy here.
I don't respond always the best in this scenario, or I'm struggling with this, and I don't want to be like that.
And it's a little tough, because I kind of like it.
You know, it's fun to yell at those people as they're driving and cut me off.
I just want to speak in tongues to them in a way.
You know, just of like, what are you thinking?
And stop.
They'll know.
You feel the urge.
You don't have to pee your pants here.
Okay.
Hang on to it.
How am I supposed to react?
What's the proper way to do it?
We had a sermon out of pee in your pants.
Hopefully that makes sense.
But as we transition into our time of communion, we're going to take a moment now as we take every Sunday to look inward and to have a time of repentance.
You know, we should pray.
And listen, you shouldn't be just doing it on Sunday.
This is something that should be daily that we should be asking God.
Please show me what I've done, what I've messed up with, how I can get better.
Surround yourself with people in your life who will be honest with you and say, hey man, like, you sounded kind of mean there.
You should be responding that way.
Okay.
If you're struggling with something that addictions or something, get out of the situation you're in to hang with the people, you're in to find new people.
You have to change something.
Repentance calls us to change.
Okay?
It requires work and focus.
So as we move into this, we hit this time of repentance.
Allow God to speak and just ask Him.
One of those things, point out to me.
And even say, if you're here and you say, you know, I don't even know, I really call myself a follower of Christ.
And I feel this convicted of man, the way I'm living, and I'm not living for him, and I don't want to do that anymore.
And you have that eternal thought of, yeah, if a sudden tragedy were to happen to me, do I know for sure where I'm going?
Do I know for sure that I've saved it, that I've repented?
And you might be thinking, I don't know if I have.
Well, take a moment here.
And as we pray, just in your own words, just ask God, God, forgive me of how I've been living.
Forgive me of the sin that I've done, and help me to follow you.
All right, amen.
Let's pray.
Bow our heads and pray.
Can't say amen before I pray as opposed to say amen after I pray.
I can say amen wherever I want, I think.
Okay.
Now, as we always do before we take communion, in view of the scripture that tells us we ought to examine ourselves, let us pray.
Heavenly Father, before we partake of the bread and the cup this morning, you know, be into the scriptures, we pause now to examine ourselves.
If we have sinned against you in thought, word, or deed, by what we have done, or by what we have left undone.
If we have not loved you with our whole heart, if we have not loved our neighbors as ourselves, for the sake of your son, Jesus Christ, who gave himself as a sacrifice for our sins, have mercy on us, forgive us of all our sins, strengthen us in all goodness, and by the power of your Holy Spirit, keep us in eternal life.
that we may delight in your will and walk in your ways to the glory of your name.
Amen.